coming out of the United Nations the
Saudi foreign minister is
speaking message on this and we hope
that the International Community will
come together to support those
ideals we condemn all killing of
civilians at what my fellow colleagues
emphasized our presence at this
important meeting at this very dire hour
as this
crisis is not oring well as further
escalation is likely we call for an
immediate and Lasting
ceasefire so that we spare the entire
region from the consequences or and
repercussions of the conflict
we condemn all forms of targeting of
civilians any civilians regardless of
their color or
nationalities the internation the world
conscience can no longer tolerate
further suffering as a result of
targeting civilians and innocent unarmed
citizens we should refrain from
violating any law international law or
International humanitarian law at the
same time we should also refrain from
Dual standards and give Paramount
importance to the protection
of civilians a spade must be called a
spade the gross and violent violations
of international law and human law
cannot be
characterize other than crimes and
violation of
law we should all observe the
international law international
legitimate resolutions and international
human law we should also refrain from
Collective punishment of the Palestinian
people and put an end to in to the
sufferings of innocent civilians we
should all work together to contain this
crisis and categorically
reject all the war crimes including the
forcible transfer of populations at the
same time we cannot tped the Palestinian
CES at the expense of the neighboring
countries the Palestinian people are
holding steadfast to the established
rights and they cannot abandon these
rights nor will the neighboring Arab
countries we call on the security
Council to undertake its responsibility
as defined in the charter to work for
the cessation of facilities an immediate
and sustained ceasefire and to Pro
provide the protection for all civilians
again we condemn the targeting of all
civilians and we consider it imperative
that the International Community
undertakes its responsibility to address
the issues of gross violations of
international humanitarian law we must
apply ourselves as we have done in the
Cairo peace Summit to a political
process a process that
reemphasizes that the two-state solution
we can no longer only address the
two-state solution and Advocate as a
matter of lip service that the
International Community and the security
Council do have the necessary resources
and means to implement what has become
recognized as the international
community's consensus to the end of this
conflict on the basis of a two State
solution living side by side in peace
and security and this is what we seek
and this is what we expect Ed thank
you the
messages to send today following the
peace Summit held in
Egypt with respect to the release of cap
the captives Egypt is sparing no efforts
to address all the elements of this
crisis including the humanitarian aspect
also the release of
captives and also the protection to
civilians uh in addition to the delivery
of relief Aid at the same time diplomacy
is what we uh sold through the Egyptian
Summit we aimed at agreeing upon the
principles that should govern this
conflict be
it the dedication to the solution of the
two State solution and also the delivery
of humanitarian Aid we will continue in
this course in coordination and
cooperation with our friends and uh
fellow colleagues in the Arab and world
countries and we hope that the no more
escalation will come in the coming days
otherwise the repercussion will be grave
not only on the region but the whole uh
World from CBS News can you answer
ministers the question that Anthony
blink and the secretary of state raised
it where is the outrage on the October
7th attacks and what is it that you
think the UN can do you're here what can
the UN do for a lasting peace thank
you
before anybody else we expressed outrage
at the killing of
civilians we have we went we met in the
Arab League and we all took one unified
stand and we said we condemn the killing
of civilians we're outraged at where
that moment has gotten us as well we're
outraged at what's happening now in Gaza
6,000 people slaughtered
children women daughters fathers
grandfathers all all suffering all dying
under under uh the bombardment of Israel
uh we need the whole intern
International Community to be outraged
at the absence of Justice we must be
outraged at our failure as International
Community for having failed to solve a
conflict that we all knew is going to
get worse how many all of us all of us
each and everyone standing of us here
and our leaders and all our warned that
unless we solve this conflict violence
is going to erupt and the whole region
will be dragged into the abyss of the
war that you see now we should be
outraged at failing the Palestinian
people we should be outraged at failing
the Israeli people by not giving them
the peace that they deserve what we want
is peace peace that will will fulfill
the rights of the Palestinians to
statehood Freedom will ensure the
security of Israel and that's a position
that we took in 2002 the Arab peace
initiative we said that we said all of
us are willing to have normal relations
with Israel in return for one thing in
the illegal occupation of the
Palestinian land in the separation of
the Palestinian people withdraw from
Arab lands occupied and let's have peace
so I I think we're all out outraged at
the at the death of every child of every
woman regardless the nationality the
identity the religion the faith but we
should face facts and we should stop
just trying to avoid looking
addressing the elephant in the room
which is there is an occupation that is
the root cause of all evil in the region
and that must end this is our message
this is where we should all be outraged
and let's remember this is not the first
time that we see people die how many
wars have been launched on Gaza how many
violent operations have taken place
where are we now facing the same moment
that we all have been trying to avoid
facing death facing War facing the
threat of regional War so let's just
step back let's not let rage determine
the future of millions of people in our
region let's just all let's allow common
sense and reason to come back and let's
all together the whole world in this
United Nations come and say it is time
we solve this challenge this conflict
once and for all and the only way is
peace that will fulfill the rights of
all and would allow all of us to start
working together to create but a future
for our people foreign minister Mr
foreign minister Susan from we is the
response for those who say that a
ceasefire is only possible until the
hostages are released and thank you for
doing
this I
mean a ceasefire is a humanitarian
imperative we are facing a desperate
situation in Gazza right now we are
facing an impending humanitarian
catastrophe every hour we speak more
civilians in razza are dying more people
are getting injured the situation is
getting getting worse a ceasefire is an
absolute necessary necessity immediately
that will allow us to address all of the
other issues we have called quite
clearly for a release of hostages and
that is absolutely necessary but the
protection of civilian life the
protection of infrastructure especially
hospitals and other uh infrastructure
required for the survival of RZA is also
an imperative that must be met
immediately their English out their
English out their English
Minister can you
please was there any American proposal
Minister can I ask question un States
what are your comments on concerns that
this violence might spread across the
region that threat is real we're all
doing everything we can to stop it
there's the threat of this expanding
into the West Bank into Lebanon into
other fronts none of us want that we're
all working against that but let's face
it unless this war stops uh unless those
horrific images of death keep coming out
we all face that real danger thank you
so
much
the proposal by the United States is in
Blueprint it might be subject to vote
tomorrow this draft resolution does not
include an immediate and Lasting cease
fire nor does it condemn
the assassination and the killing
perpetrated by the Israeli
settlers nor does this draft
resolution identify the humanitarian
aspects do you think this draft
resolution acceptable by the Arab
countries and if it fail
to pass what is the course to be taken
as the uh General Assembly may be
convened at your request however their
resolution are not
mandatory I believe any draft resolution
before any deliberation or
voting depends on the balance of such
draft resolution in case of absence of
such balance therefore the entire case
will be disregarded unless there are
workable effective solutions to the
interest of both the parties to the
conflict and the entire region I believe
the draft resolution will be flowed and
erroneous I believe the members of the
security Council will live up to the
respective responsibilities and
obligations and they will work together
in order to achieve peace make no
mistake that this organization was set
up in the first place to maintain peace
and security our Prime goal is to put an
end to the war operations and to address
all the political diplomatic and
humanitarian
aspects and without providing any
justification for continued battling
otherwise we will be deviating from the
Mandate as reflected in the UN Charter
question
with respect to the humanitarian Aid and
the pressure
exercised on the Waring parties all of
you have good relations with the United
States what are the practical measures
taken by you in order to exercise
pressure on the Americans in order to
their turn exercise pressure on Israelis
to
end
War since the beginning of this war we
have been in close contact with all the
International Players including the
United States we made it clear that
there must be an immediate ceasefire and
uh Aid humanitarian Aid should be
delivered and we should engage in peace
talks we all of us all our respective
countries intensified our efforts in
this direction and we could see that the
humanitarian Aid started to access Gaza
however they are very minimum what is
now required is to provide safe
corridors for food supply and medical
supplies without any restrictions or
conditions what is more important now
which is in harmony with the
international law is to lift the G Siege
laying siegs to entire Gaza Strip is in
violation of the international law and
this is our main demand and we will
continue in this path thank
you all right you've just been uh
watching and listening to a number of
speakers at the United Nations um and
now is the representative for the United
Arab Emirates speaking live let's listen
to the next to avoid this the United
Arab Emirates affirms the importance of
adopting a resolution calling for an
immedate and sustained humanitarian
ceasefire and to work seriously after
that to find a just lasting and
comprehensive solution to this conflict
to allow both peoples to live in lasting
peace and
security the United Arab Emirates will
continue its calls for dialogue peaceful
coexistence and cooperation as the path
to stability in the region today we ask
you to support this Vision to achieve
the aspirations of the Region's peoples
towards progress and prosperity today to
humanity is facing a critical test as
responsible and conscious leaders in
particular in this Council we must
succeed in the test by advancing the
choice of peace and Reviving the
two-state solution which is needed now
more than
ever to achieve the legitimate
aspirations of the Palestinian
people this requires confronting and
addressing the present crisis instead of
just managing it makes no sense if we
repeat the same approach towards this
conflict and expect different results
thank you Mr
President I thank Her Excellency Mrs Al
you've been listening to a number of
speakers so we're going to reset for you
for just a quick second uh all of this
is happening at the United Nations if
you're just joining us it is 1635 GMT
that is 12:35 in New York where what
you're seeing on your screen is
currently unfolding and uh 80 plus
countries are lined up to speak today on
the Israel Gaza War um
so okay we're keeping an eye on what's
on screen so you just caught the closing
statements by the representative of the
United Arab Emirates who were saying uh
talking about the legitimate aspirations
of the Palestinian people and just
moments before that we were carrying
live the remarks by the Saudi foreign
minister the Egyptian foreign minister
the Jordanian representative as well
they called for an immediate ceasefire
the Saudi um the Saudi foreign minister
was calling for a lifting a total
lifting of The Siege on Gaza by Israel
uh they were also asked whether they
thought that the uh the violence might
spread across the region the Jordanian
Envoy saying yes that threat of that
happening is very real indeed so that's
where we stand